Rename push constants to immediates (#8586)
gfx-rs/wgpu: naga/CHANGELOG.md

  - API:
    - expressions are explicitly emitted with `Statement::Emit`
    - entry points have inputs in arguments and outputs in the result type

>     - `input`/`output` storage classes are gone, but `immediate_data` is added

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - `input`/`output` storage classes are gone, but `push_constant` is added
```

Shouldn't update this.
